= Contents =
    - [[#Dotfiles|Dotfiles]]
    - [[#Installing dependencies|Installing dependencies]]
        - [[#Installing dependencies#Xcode Command Line Tools (only for macOS)|Xcode Command Line Tools (only for macOS)]]
        - [[#Installing dependencies#Homebrew|Homebrew]]
        - [[#Installing dependencies#Terminal Emulator|Terminal Emulator]]
        - [[#Installing dependencies#Oh My Zsh|Oh My Zsh]]
            - [[#Installing dependencies#Oh My Zsh#Patched Font|Patched Font]]
            - [[#Installing dependencies#Oh My Zsh#Auto suggestion|Auto suggestion]]
            - [[#Installing dependencies#Oh My Zsh#Syntax highlighting|Syntax highlighting]]
            - [[#Installing dependencies#Oh My Zsh#Dracula theme|Dracula theme]]
            - [[#Installing dependencies#Oh My Zsh#fzf|fzf]]
        - [[#Installing dependencies#Neovim|Neovim]]
            - [[#Installing dependencies#Neovim#+python3 support|+python3 support]]
        - [[#Installing dependencies#Stow|Stow]]
    - [[#Setting .dotfiles|Setting .dotfiles]]

= Dotfiles =

To use the dotfiles you need the appropriate program that we are configuring.Also the dependencies that the program requires.

*Note*:
The following installation are done assuming that you are using `macOS`. There may be some changes if you are using a `Linux`

= Installing dependencies =

== Xcode Command Line Tools (only for macOS) ==

Xcode Command Line Tools comprised of development tools such as *git* and many more.

{{{sh
xcode-select --install
}}}

== Homebrew ==

Homebrew is a package manager used for managing and installing packages

{{{sh
curl -fsSL -o install.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh
}}}

== Terminal Emulator ==

A Terminal Emulator is a software that is used for accessing the shell such as *bash* and *zsh*

Here, we are using [[https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty|kitty]]
{{{sh
brew install --cask kitty
}}}

== Oh My Zsh ==

oh my zsh is a framework for managing your zsh configuration


{{{sh
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/master/tools/install.sh)"
}}}

For more info: [[https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh]]

=== Patched Font ===

Patched fonts includes many symbol which are used by other terminal program.
Here, we are going to install *Hack Nerd Font*.

{{{sh
brew tap homebrew/cask-fonts
brew install --cask font-hack-nerd-font
}}}

For more font check : [[https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts]]

=== Auto suggestion ===

Auto suggestion goes through your previous command and show suggestion based on that,

{{{
git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions ~/.zsh/zsh-autosuggestions
}}}

=== Syntax highlighting ===

{{{
brew install zsh-syntax-highlighting
}}}

=== Dracula theme ===

To install Dracula theme,
1. Download using the [[https://github.com/dracula/zsh/archive/master.zip|GitHub .zip download]] option and unzip them.
2. Move `dracula.zsh-theme` to `~/.oh-my-zsh/themes`.
3. Move `/lib` to `~/.oh-my-zsh/themes`.

For more info : [[https://draculatheme.com]]

=== fzf ===

fzf is a fuzzy finder useful for searching through previous command, changing directory,etc.

{{{sh
brew install fzf
}}}

For more info : [[https://github.com/junegunn/fzf]]

== Neovim ==

Check neovim's GitHub page, [[https://github.com/neovim/neovim]]

{{{sh
brew install neovim
}}}

=== +python3 support ===

+python3 support is essential for plugins like UltiSnips,vimspector,.

{{{sh
brew install python
pip install neovim
}}}

== Stow ==

Stow is a *symlink farm manager* which is used to manager the dotfiles via creating symlink.

{{{sh
brew install stow
}}}

= Setting .dotfiles =

After installing all of the dependencies. Clone the repository and run the install script by,

{{{sh
git clone https://github.com/solvedbiscuit71/.dotfiles.git ~/.dotfiles | ./install
}}}

Then, restart your terminal for the changes to take affect.
